# 2021-10-27: Boyan, Filip, Jan

* start time: 10:00
* end time: 11:30
* next meeting: 2021-11-3, 10:00

## Agenda

* Discuss the material derivative mentioned in the paper "Visualization of Advection-Diffusion in  Unsteady Fluid Flow" by Filip Sadlo et al. and get a better understanding of the topic.

## Agenda for next meeting

* Paraview plugin with one uniform vector field as input and a scalar field as output.
* Papers on visualisation of residence time

## Topics discussed

We discussed the topic of my bachelor thesis. Filip first explained how heatwaves in Europe develop. He mentioned four reasons:
* warm air flows from the Sahara desert to Europe
* over Europe is a thick blanked of clouds, but during the day a hole in them is formed, so that the sun can directly shine through. At night the hole closes so the heat cannot escape. If this phenomenon lasts for a couple of weeks the temperature will rise consistently
* if air falls down from the higher atmosphere it gets warm
* it is possible that air is trapped in a specific region for a long time and it absorbs heat slowly from the ground

One idea to understand heatwaves is to look at the residence time of one trajectory of air currents.

Filip defined the following milestones:
* Define a fine grid in a vector field and select the edges and look at the streamlines. We have to define how compact one streamline is.
* Expand it to pathlines, because with streamlines the direction is fixed but wind changes its direction constantly. This is where pathlines come into play, because they are defined with time dependent vector fields.
* Look at the residence time of trajectories and calculate with the advection-diffusion-function how much heat is added or lost.

## Progress since last meeting

* None

## TODO for next meeting

* Search for more papers on the topic of residence time
* Search for visualisation of residence time
* Get to know ParaView