# 2022-05-30: Jan, Maksim

* start time: 14:30
* end time: 14:50
* next meeting: 2022-06-13, 14:30

## Agenda

* Talk about my idea

## Agenda for next meeting

* Presented and discussed my research on the minimal surface idea

## Topics discussed

* Minimal surface is predictable
* Planar representation is the Steiner tree problem -> same result as thinning

## Progress since last meeting

* Answered all questions from last meeting:
    * Minimalgraph optimal und deshalb gut geeignet für Bundling?
        * Beschränkung der zur Diskussion stehenden Flächen auf einen fixierten Typ (Graph oder Kreisscheibe etc.) nicht in jedem Fall auf das absolute Flächenminimum führen muss , man bekommt vielmehr nur Flächen mit mittlerer Krümmung H ≡ 0, die nur in Spezialfällen absolut minimieren.
    * Is minimal surface bundling predictable?
        * Minimal surfaces intersect in predictable ways in $\R^3$. By BRIAN WHITE - MINIMAL SURFACES (MATH 258) LECTURE NOTES.
    * Check if minimal surfaces is not fundamentally the same as skeleton thinning?
        * In this paper, we have developed an exact algorithm for constructing minimum Euclidean skeletons. We have shown that the edges of a skeleton can be classified into four differ- ent types, and that a minimum skeleton always exists in which every edge is one of these types. This property, together with the fact that skeletons are connected sets covering the convex vertices of the polygon, allowed us to reduce the problem to a Steiner tree problem in graphs. An existing, high-performance algorithm for solving the Steiner tree problem was then employed in order to construct minimum skeletons. Computational experiments have shown that our algorithm can construct minimum skeletons of a fairly large size within a reasonable time-frame.

## TODO for next meeting

* Try to visualize my minimal surface idea
* Look into the possible implementation 